set minimum ROCm version (#491)
ROCm/rocWMMA: CMakeLists.txt

include(ROCMCheckTargetIds)
include(ROCMClients)

set(MINIMUM_REQUIRED_ROCM_VERSION 6.3.0)
if(NOT DEFINED ROCM_PLATFORM_VERSION OR ${ROCM_PLATFORM_VERSION} VERSION_LESS ${MINIMUM_REQUIRED_ROCM_VERSION})

>   message(FATAL_ERROR "${PROJECT_NAME} 1.6.0 and later versions require at least ROCm version ${MINIMUM_REQUIRED_ROCM_VERSION} for support.\nThe detected ROCm version is ${ROCM_PLATFORM_VERSION}.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  message(FATAL_ERROR "${PROJECT_NAME} ${VERSION_STRING} and later versions require at least ROCm version ${MINIMUM_REQUIRED_ROCM_VERSION} for support.\nThe detected ROCm version is ${ROCM_PLATFORM_VERSION}.")
```

Reviewer: Might want to move slightly after initialization of VERSION_STRING just so we don't have to maintain version number bumps here
